MINI MUSIC_PLAYER:
             Mini-music_player is similar to a player were we can play, pause, and stop a song. The songs are played from the folder named “sounds”. Make sure that the “sounds” folder location is same as the python folder were you create the code for music_player

FUNCTIONS:
         1. The music name is displayed in the list box; the user can play the song by clicking the song name. The currently playing song name is displayed in the “music track” text box
          2. User can play the next song by selecting the song name from the list box.
          3. User can anytime pause and stop the song when the music_player code is running.

CODING:      
       This app is made using Tkinter GUI, Pygame module and Pathlib python module.   
       
       •Tkinter GUI is used to as aGUI to display the music_player app
       •Pygame module is used to control the song like to pause and play a song.
       •Pathlib is used to fetch the song names from the “sounds” folder the GUI ’s  list box


music_names_load():
                   This function is used to load the song name list box

Pause_pressed(),upause_pressed(),stop_pressed():
                   These functions are used to pause,unpause and stop a song.
     
      •	pygame.mixer.music.pause()
      •	pygame.mixer.music.unpause()
      •	pygame.mixer.music.stop ()
      These are the pygame functions deployed here to pause, unpause and stop a song respectively.

music_name_out():
       This is the function which displays the current playing song name. Whenever the user selects a song in the list box, the selected song is displayed in the “Music track” text box using this function.

Update_fn():
       To change the button from pause to play and vice versa , this function is declared!


Note:
      To edit a widget’s text in Tkinter GUI, we have to declare it has stringVar()

A normal variable can’t change the widget’s text from one to another, but assigning the widget’s text key as stringVar() we can make the change.
