Note Pad:

    It is a simple Notepad to write, edit, and save data in a text format.

    The GUI is simple and easy, and the users can easily browse around the app without any difficulties.

Functions: 

    1. Users can write their data in the text field. The text field is not limited, the users can scroll up and down using the scroll bar.

    2. Users can open a file(.txt only) from anywhere in their system and the data will be displayed automatically in the text field.

    3. Users can overwrite their existing file by clicking the save option, and if needed, they can also change the save destination using the save as option.

    4. Users can anytime open a new empty file using the new option.

    5. Font sizes and styles can be changed in the edit menu according to user preferences.

Coding:

    This app was made using PySimpleGui Module and an external code snippet from a file popup_select.py. 
    The code consists of 6 functions, namely,

	   new_file()
	   open_file()
	   save_file()
	   save_as_file()
	   font()
	   font_size()

    All the funtions are void functions, with no parameters and return values.
    Each funtion opens a pop up window for user interaction and does the work accordingly.


    new_file():

        Empties the text field and if the file is not saved, a pop up window appears to prompt the user to save the file before opening a new file.

    open_file():

        A pop up window appears to get the selection from the user to open a file. If the previous is not saved, then the user is prompted with saving option. If a file is selected, then the previous data gets erased the data in the selected file is written in the text field.

    save_file():

        If the path exists for a given file, the save option overwrites the data and saves it in the same path. If the file path does not exist, then it calls the function save_as().

    save_as():

        The save_as function opens a pop up window and asks the user the path directory to save the file.

    font():
 
        The users can select their required font style in the font option and the font in the text field gets changed.

    font_size():

        A pop up window will ask the user to enter a integer value and the size gets changed respectively.





